I really doubt it.
Before you come
Did you drink your bulk bottle of wine?
Alcoholism
Let my official apologize
You deserve it too, thank you Xie Xiaoqi, I'll count it
I know you're not convinced
But power is stronger than people
First reward the lord Weiming Hehe
It's breezy.
Even the enemy country dare not confront him head-on
He can actually reward treasures such as the glorious Sendai of the official family
Appreciate him for the official
Power is hard
You can't fight him precisely because he personally sealed you.
So you have to do it right.
Sit tight or threaten boldly
Do you dare to ask who lived in the sky?
How did this title come about?
How could you?
I appreciate this girl's heart
But from time to time it is the official family who is praised
And what they sent is counterfeit
I really saw you today
The face of the poor
It's the first time I've seen my mouth so hard
I really don't cry without seeing the coffin
If these were thousands of counterfeits
So what else is true?
Did you give them those?
Wearing fake wine for a blind date?
I'm really curious.
Like you, a poor man who lives by selling his physical strength
No money
Status but no status
Power but not power
Who gave you the courage?
You can get something like Glory Sendai
You think I have no power, no status, no wealth
No confidence
But you don't know
Precious items in your eyes
In my eyes, it is all ordinary
Only you care about your appearance.
For me
You can have as many of these things as you want.